About: 

Not just any code. I believe in writing code with both structure and readability, and as a developer, enjoy optimising and improving the quality of the code 
that I write. I have good knowledge in front-end, back-end, as well as mobile application development, and plan to venture into the field of blockchain and Web3. 
A technology enthusiast, I am hopeful and passionate about the potential of technology in changing the world. From simple websites
to complex systems, I thoroughly enjoy the process of building software, solving complex problems, and working with others to produce amazing end-products.

NJC: 

I graduated from National Junior College in 2017 as a GCE 'A' Level Graduate from the Integrated Programme. My time here taught me to be a critical thinker and 
nurtured my penchant for problem solving. It was also NJC that gave me my first leadership opportunity as the president of the NJC Symphonic Band, where I had the 
experience of being part of a great team, and leading a great community.

Boogle:

My time at this vibrant startup has been nothing less than fruitful. It was here where I started designing and building sophisticated software from the ground up, and 
learnt much of the coding best practices and standards which I still practice heavily today. During the months I was here, I was heavily involved in the front-end
development, while occasionally finding myself immersed in the back-end and mobile development as well. I also had the opportunity to be part of an amazing product team,
which allowed me, under the guidance of brilliant mentors, to carry out the process of bringing a product through its development cycle, from the ideation, 
to the designing, coding, testing, and eventually, the deployment of the product.

Personal Website:

This website is the very first personal project I designed, built, and deployed on my own, and is also my first take on a personal website. Not only did 
building this website allow me to put my development skills to the test, it was also a great sandbox for me to explore and experiment with new development and design techniques
such as implementing different themes (try it out!), using React hooks, and being creative with scroll effects.

Yale-NUS: 

I am currently a sophomore at Yale-NUS College in the class of 2024. While I cannot be more excited to join this thriving liberal arts college, what the future holds for me here remains to be seen.

CodeCache:

My first full-stack project I designed, built and deployed during my first semester in college consisting of both a front-end and a back-end. Initially, 
this project started off as a simple idea for a site that can store my code snippets. I eventually saw this idea through to build the final product, complete 
with its own authentication system and fully functional code editor in a clean and simple UI. This project has allowed me to 
improve on both my front-end and back-end skills, as well as important development tools such as AWS EC2, Lambda, and Docker.

Love Letter Generator:

This project is a simple love letter generator which I had a lot of fun building for Valentine's Day in 2021. 
It was initially meant as a modern spinoff of a love letter generator made back in the 1950s by one of the first software engineers, 
Christopher Strachey, which a college professor, Professor Olivier Danvy, showed me after a computer science class (link can be found at the footer of the project).
Surprisingly, the project itself became semi-viral on Valentine's and many of the letters exchanged on college was actually from the generator. 
Professor Danvy loved it and even decided to add my name to his roster of Computer Scientists in his lecture notes right underneath Christopher Strachy himself!

Dathena:
My time at this energetic deep-tech AI and data protection company was an amazing eye-opener into the technology industry. Here, I was given the opportunity to work with some
of the brightest software engineers, product managers, and data science experts I have seen so far in my professional career. I was exposed to the challenges of creating a 
complex enterprise-level product, the best practices of managing a gigantic codebase, and even got the opportunity to lead two sprints as a scrum master in the company's
agile software development workflow. While the initial onboarding was indeed challenging, overcoming this phase was certainly rewarding as I was able to contribute greatly
to their flagship product, Dathena Security, which will ship to a multitude of clients internationally. Knowing that the code I have written will positively impact a client's data
security definitely makes my few months at Dathena all the more fulfilling.

Cryptoscapes:
Cryptoscapes started out from a few skills I wanted to learn and practice over my summer break from college, the 
state management library Redux, atomic design, and project management. After tinkering with a bunch of cryptocurrency data with 
Redux, I eventually decided to create a simple UI to display this data, through the use of charts and graphs in a clean dashboard. 
This project has allowed me to improve on my front-end skills, learn useful libraries such as Redux, and implement the
atomic design file structure on top of managing the entire project with the tools provided by GitHub Projects.

Saving Yale-NUS:
On 27 August 2021, the National University of Singapore announced the plan to ‘merge’ Yale-NUS College 
with the University Scholars Programme by 2025. In short: The Yale-NUS we knew would be gone in four years.
The announcement and its finality were a complete shock to some 2,500 Yale-NUS staff, faculty, students and alumni. 
As a result, I came together with a few of my friends to work on this website to consolidate the reflections and expressions 
of grief by the college community, consisting of poems, artworks, essays, etc. We hope that this website serves as an archive of these
commemorations, and will never be forgotten even long after the college ceases to exist.
The website uses Python scripts that converts content from Google Forms into a markdown file which is then rendered on a NextJS blog.

ByteDance / TikTok:
Always Day 1 - A core "ByteStyle" and something that 
perfectly encapsulates my experience of working at this tech giant. In this 
fast-paced and innovative company, the work culture is instead synonymous 
with that of a startup; fresh new challenges everyday and always something 
new to learn and explore. Here, I was given the opportunity to work on their
internal machine learning platforms, and was the first time I was exposed
to an incredibly complex and sophisticated product. Furthermore, most of
my team members were based in China, and were more comfortable communicating
in Mandarin - something which I definitely was not used to at a professional
level prior to this internship. Despite these challenges, I was quickly able
to adapt and contribute heavily to the codebase, even pushing out an 
entirely new feature that is currently being used by hundreds of data 
scientists and engineers throughout the company. Moreover, I am now also 
more than comfortable to converse fluently in Mandarin with my colleagues 
at a professional level, even helping out with and writing documentation in 
Mandarin. My growth here at ByteDance / TikTok has definitely been one of 
the most fulfilling among my professional experiences, and I cannot be more 
excited for what's to come in the remainder of my time here.

Ape Wallpapers:
Over many months of being actively involved in the Web3 and 
NFT space, as well as being a member of the Bored Ape Yacht Club (BAYC) 
community, Ape Wallpapers was created out of a desire to contribute and 
build something of value for this community. To many members of the club, 
their ape serves not only as a membership token, but also as their Web3 and 
online identity. Ape Wallpapers was made to streamline the process of 
creating mobile wallpapers of BAYC NFTs, allowing ape holders and community 
members to seamlessly express their Web3 identity on their lock screens.
This is the first project where I was required to dabble into
image manipulation. I first had to fetch the image of the ape from IPFS 
(only available in square dimensions), and then combined it with the logos 
and custom text of the user's choice to construct the wallpaper. At launch,
the site was very positively received by the community; reaching a 
peak user count of over 3000 users, as well as spawning an array of copies 
and similar websites from other NFT communities. Take a look at all the 
happy users flexing their wallpapers generated from the site on the 
dedicated Twitter thread 

What I can do:

I have been coding at a professional level for three years and is experienced in an array of modern web technologies such as React, TypeScript, React Native,
and Django REST Framework. I am also adept in using development tools such as git and AWS, and design / prototyping tools such as Figma and Adobe Illustrator.
On the sideline, I enjoy building web applications, tinkering with the Arduino, and taking up freelance development projects in Web3 (contact me for more information on this!).

What I can do (note):

Note: Skills are portrayed relative to each other and not on an absolute level (learning never stops!)

Where I've Been:

Travelling greatly excites me. I love experiencing new cultures, immersing myself in breathtaking sceneries, as well as eating amazing food. I hope to one day 
fill this map with even more locations that I've visited.

Where I've Been (Caption):

Here are some snapshots I took from the places I've been recently.
